# levy-kibet
This is an illustration of how this project done by Levy Kibet works for ease of usage by anyone using it.
First, it is important to note that when running the project, the main screen or the first screen that pops up is a menu that gives us two options of login in to the system; as a customer or an employee. In both circumstances, there is an option of sign up or login. The sign-up option is for new employees or customers that have not used the system or have not been added into the system while the login option is for the customers and employees that had already registered into the system before.
The customer is required to input his or her name, phone number and his or her password during registration. The employee is required to input his or her name, phone number, identification number and a special code that they should have been given for security purposes before registering into the system. All these credentials are saved in a file that are later used during the login.
Once the system the customer is displayed with a number of options. The customer is able to view bus details where the customer will see all available bus schedules with the bus codes and numbers. The customer can then view the available seats of the bus and later on make a reservation where the customer books an empty seat of his or her choice. If the customer is not pleased with the reservation, the customer can cancel at any time.
Once the employee has logged into the system, the employee can make bus schedules. The employee can also view all the transactions that have been made in the system
If you are using this system for the first time, I advise you to start by registration of both the customer and employee for you to have the best experience of the system.
Hope you have an easy access while using the system. If you encounter any error please feel free to say, thank you.
